hey guys MC Kenzie and i'm at the Doctor
Who server today and yeah I thought the
server was kind of cool so God ok so
this is a biscuit oh this is a sub start
ok into the heck is that just Alec ok so
there's a bunch of cool stuff on this
leg where a lot of epic Pixar I mean
look at this would you be able to make
that like easy dad look look at that ok
I think it's really cool this part and
yeah ok so um yeah there's a lot of cool
stuff on here that I thought was cool
and for uncle but it lags a lot like I
mean a lot like on all right I don't lag
but only on the server I like crazy i
mean i don't know i just said that it
okay so um look at these these are skins
of the people that have the doctor view
skins but it's not a little midgets
compared to everything that everybody
else has are tiny actually um yeah i
don't actually think that's something
has somebody built this just another art
thing oh oh yeah let's just like go
there like this I feel bad for this
Cyberman right I think it's Simon no no
looks like one don't really watch shut
the moon I still like the phone
since it oh yeah look but this is the
look I mean it never will took TARDIS
really light-colored TARDIS and I will
the IP for the server will be in the
description but oh yeah this is a loch
ness monster robot thing made out kinda
clean ok and I'm going to my Brenda
justice far there we go much better
blood difference removals ok and that's
a weird scary ginormous thing oh my god
that is intimidating that were a mob I
would be like you're gonna die ok so
yeah um we'll just put a walker on the
server so yeah there's not a lot of
people on here usually it's usually me
but I know that like a couple good d
troopers have been on the seventh floor
so that some other pics art and stuff
and then here it's just normal survival
stuff which is kind of boring it's only
survival
Yeah right this server is so good I
don't know how long it took to build
this oh my god Simon so much i can't i
am miss fate my skype is i'm sipping
super easy yeah god okay so super laggy
but here's one thing I thought was
really cool it's over here I think if
it's this way right here this is that I
London I think it's what's called I
don't know but it's like the giant
Ferris wheel that it's in the middle of
this place there we go I have Yellin and
I so um I just hop inside one of these
and then oops long-term everyone who
just sits down the fastest one plate
someone goes up it says press to ride
this climber speed not accurate this
thing is stupidly slow in real life it
actually is simpler muhfucka okay there
we go so you actually ride it
which is pretty cool oh okay so
sometimes it gets on your nerves because
they're like stuck in here okay yeah
it's kind of annoying because it says
you have been tilled parted by at at
that little then odka done it's done so
it lasts for about lemon in half I guess
so yeah the rest I'll leave for you to
check out this is MC Kenny's and goodbye